title: Hack
description: I have a new employer (again), and a new website design.
date: 2012-06-22
tags: me, jobs, facebook
---
The past two months have been intense.  At the beginning of May, I was let go
from BioWare and Electronic Arts in a round of budget cuts for my studio.
Since then, I've played far too many video games (and beaten multiple titles),
slogged through innumerable interviews, redesigned my website from the ground
up, and celebrated my seventh wedding anniversary in some of the best summer
weather I've ever experienced.

**Oh, and I got a job at Facebook.**

On May 3rd, BioWare informed me that my position in the studio was being
eliminated.  My terrible luck had struck again.  But this time was different;
within a few days, a recruiter from Facebook found this website and my open
source work, reached out to me, and encouraged me to apply for an engineering
role.  Four weeks later, after phone screens and an on-site interview, I was
offered a position as a Production Engineer.  My luck had not only reversed,
it had gone off the scale in the opposite direction.

Alongside Facebook, all my other leads paled in comparison.  I wanted to stay
in gaming, but here was the opportunity of a lifetime, to join one of the
biggest and best engineering companies in the world, and the chance to learn
from some of the brightest minds in the industry.  The position is similar to
the role I had at BioWare: writing and maintaining software to manage and
automate the vast array of infrastructure that supports the front-end
applications and engineers.  It was an offer I couldn't refuse.

Monday was my orientation, and I was immediately impressed by the level of
passion, vision and dedication from the entire team.  [Boz][] discussed the
culture of "hack", and told a story about building a loft in a war room when it
couldn't fit everyone in just two dimensions.  [Chris Cox][] gave an inspiring
talk about where Facebook is heading, and I got a surreal sense of wonder when
he mentioned our long term goals or the level of impact we have on global
society and the way people communicate.  It feels amazing to be part of a
company that truly wants to change the world and improve the lives of hundreds
of millions of people.

Even the training process embodies those same ideals.  The first few weeks,
every engineer goes through "bootcamp", attending learning and development
sessions, sitting among other bootcamp engineers, and working with veteran
teammates on real tasks to get familiar with the infrastructure, tools and
codebase.  Everyone is given the chance to progress at their own pace, with as
much or as little help as needed.  I've already learned so much in a few days,
and I've also had the chance to share my own knowledge and experience with my
fellow newcomers.  And yet there's still so much left to cover.

Wednesday was my first day at a desk.  Taped to the monitor was a sheet of
paper printed with bold, red lettering.

> What would you do if you weren't afraid?

I don't have an answer for that yet, but I will soon.

[Chris Cox]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chris_Cox_(Facebook)
[Boz]: https://www.facebook.com/boz
